Solarized Colorscheme for MATE Terminal
========================================

Scripts for setting the Solarized color set with MATE Terminal. To get nicely
colored directory listings, you will also need to set up a [dircolors solarised
color theme].

This is a fork from
[gnome-terminal-solarized](https://github.com/Anthony25/gnome-terminal-colors-solarized)
with minimal edits to enable it to work in MATE. Original porting done by
[michel-slm](https://github.com/michel-slm/gnome-terminal-colors-solarized)

Colors
------

Only the foreground, background, and highlight colors are different in the
light and dark color sets, as one of the main ideas behind Ethan Schonoovers
work is to use the same colors in the palette for both.

See the [Solarized homepage] for theory behind the colors, screenshots, details
and colorscheme versions for Vim, Mutt, popular terminal emulators and other
applications.

For the original works of Ethan Schoonover, visit the [Solarized repository].
The scripts for Gnome Terminal is maintained in [Gnome Terminal Colors
Solarized repository].

Installation and usage
----------------------

To be able to uninstall, we highly recommend that you create a new MATE
Terminal profile, using the menus in MATE Terminal.

You need the `dconf` command (if you run a recent MATE version). With Ubuntu,
this can be installed by running

    $ sudo apt-get install dconf-cli

Then clone the repository and you can run the installation script:

    $ git clone https://github.com/cledoux/mate-terminal-colors-solarized.git
    $ cd mate-terminal-colors-solarized
    $ ./install.sh

And just follow the instructions.

Uninstall
---------

Change to another profile in MATE Terminal, then remove the Solarized profile
by running:

### MATE 1.6 or lower

    $ rm -r ~/.gconf/apps/mate-terminal/profiles/Solarized/
    $ gconftool-2 --recursive-unset /apps/mate-terminal

### MATE 1.6 or higher

Be sure to have the dconf-cli package installed and do:

    $ dconf reset -f /org/mate/terminal/profiles/PROFILE_ID"

Replace PROFILE_ID by your profile ID (you can get it in your profile
configuration in mate-terminal).

Themes
------

Each theme has is own folder in the `colors` dir. It contains the following
files:

  * bd_color: bold color
  * bg_color: background color
  * fg_color: foreground color
  * palette: list of colors for all standard color codes.

No additional configuration is needed to add a theme, the installation script
just lists at launch the children folders in the `colors` dir.

Contributors
------------

* Sigurd Gartmann <sigurdga@sigurdga.no>
* Anthony Ruhier <anthony.ruhier@gmail.com>
* Paul Thomson <captbunzo@gmail.com>
* Techlive Zheng <techlivezheng@gmail.com>
* Daniel Graña <dangra@gmail.com>
* Charles LeDoux <charles@charlesledoux.com>

FAQ
===

Conflicting background colors in VIM
------------------------------------

Use the 16 colors terminal option to get VIM to look like GVIM with solarized
colors.

    set t_Co=16

Where did `set_dark.sh` and `set_light.sh` go?
----------------------------------------------

The `set_dark.sh` and `set_light.sh` scripts in the original repo are not
supported for MATE. Use `install.sh` to install the color scheme.

The install ran without error, but nothing happened.
----------------------------------------------------

First, ensure you are using the profile you installed the solarized
color scheme to.

Second, close all open MATE terminals and reopen them.

If this still doesn't work, please [file a bug report].

[Solarized homepage]:  http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized
[Solarized repository]: https://github.com/altercation/solarized
[Gnome Terminal Colors Solarized repository]: https://github.com/sigurdga/gnome-terminal-colors-solarized
[dircolors solarised color theme]: https://github.com/seebi/dircolors-solarized
[file a bug report]: https://github.com/cledoux/mate-terminal-colors-solarized/issues/new
